girls your mother and I
forced monogamy isn't realistic
isn't realistic or German monogamy isn't
realistic I didn't understand that word
at the time but now I know exactly what
he was talking about Saturday I would
love it if you were my date I can't do
that because like you and I every
morning oh hey what happened to church
let out early
Oh Tom sweater does he teach computer in
a church basement I'm talkin I'll
threaten just because you don't
understand the concept of marriage you
dress them like that so nobody else
wants have sex with him that's cool I'm
just a modern chick who does what she
wants last week it was this guy
supplying the box hey Mark Wahlberg shut
up Mark Wahlberg Mark Wahlberg is like
150 pounds I look like Mark Wahlberg ate
Mark Wahlberg's before you judge you
should know I'm doing fine
my friends are awesome my apartments
sick and I have a great job at a men's
magazine I'd like to lay me you're
clever but you're not too brainy you're
Prettyish and you're not gorgeous you're
approachable thank you I've given you an
assignment
I need a profile on a sports doctor so
you're doing the article on me oh sorry
in a row we watching Downton Abbey later
LeBron I'm being interviewed
listen I'm watching it tonight because
I'm not gonna go to practice and all the
guys are talking about it and I'm left
out all you fellow sports sports and
love them who's your favorite team the
Orlando
luhan's do I get a drink yeah what am i
doing I slept at the doctor's place last
night my boy guy intimate yes sexual
intercourse you never spend the night
what were you blackout drunk yeah like
two drinks three max four now that I'm
tallying cuz you're an int about it you
guys just Hey this is Amy I think you
butt-dialed me no I dialed you with my
fingers did you say we're safe obviously
like I was calling us they had a really
good time last night I wonder if you
want it to I'm gonna call the police